take me to that happy hour I never had
show me the girl I never met I want it so bad
where is that Golden Palace where is that [__] called Destiny I think she
ran up without me [Music]
goodness do you have it tonight on our finale of season two
um we are going to shift gears tonight we're instead of going to the past to
all these places where the people are using drugs that I've been taking you all um we're gonna go to the Future
so tonight it all comes together in this fantastic finale
[Music]
foreign
dreams and see Visions this is fantastic Here We Are Tonight
in honor of Lady Babylon in our satanic initiation and tonight
I'm gonna take you to a moment we've got a couple of videos for you and these
videos will act as bridges for you to continue within those of you who are
keeping the pact for those to continue forward make forward progress so the images tonight that I'll
be giving you very very important can we pull up and I think it might frighten
some people a little bit tonight maybe a little bit frightening and that's okay
um it's a little bit of a Halloween special kind of thing feel to
it love it it's a little creepy too anyway here we go here we go I want to
bring up this first passage to you tonight just so we can figure out before we set the time ship yeah before we set
the time ship here we go yeah I want us to read this it's a little pronouncement a little
pronouncements Acts 2 17. yeah in the in the completion in the days of completion
right in that final time talking about a narrative here right so in that final
completion right God says I pour out
from my penelma from his breath from his
Spirit he pours it out upon all living things all flesh if you have flesh and
you can drink from that flesh yes excellent suck it in it's a bakkick
thing love it anyway let's keep going um and uh what do they do when they're in this moment when they're in the
mystery right I heard another scholar today talking about we don't know it's the Mysteries it's mysterious you guys
are pathetic you're pathetic um they will prophesy right they'll be
that Prophet they'll be able to tell you beforehand right and who's well tell me
who's going to be able to do this your sons and your daughters that's cool that's cool Sons and Daughters
prophesying that's not and your Nanny score your young people right what are
they gonna do they're gonna dream dreams right off sometimes excuse me they're
gonna see the Visions what I says the things to be seen right they're gonna
have divisions and what are the Presbyterian what are those people doing the old people right the old people
they're in that incubation
right that's a kind of a really beautiful concept the Greeks have of
entering into the temple in order to find that place of healing you can take
it down to find that place of healing and to come through a vision
yeah you're entering that right so um we are entering a phase in that final
eschatod right the culmination we are you know the purpose right this
is one of celsius's big arguments with the uh with the Christians is that you
know the Divine can't act contrary to Nature right so it's got to make sense
and it's got to be according to you know what you see around it's got to mesh with what you see no fairy tales right
we don't we don't follow that fairy tale stuff um to jump to the Christians right away
I want to introduce them now and for those of you who've come who know already Jesus Christ was arrested in a public
park in the early hours of the morning um in a pre-dawn raid pretty significant
calls himself a child trafficker um we're at that point now that we're
gonna you know we've got to come to climax here tonight we've got to reach the point so I want you to we're going
to get in we're going to see these drug users for what they are what they're doing we're gonna smell we're gonna
taste we're gonna do everything that they're doing so I'm gonna pull out Celsius just for a short quote just for
a short quote right um I just want you to listen to it talking about the Christians he says
they are really very dishonest borrowing even their incantations
from other religions in their magic Acts so there's a couple of things that are
fantastic about that number one they're doing magic acts right right so and number two they are
borrowing right they're borrowing this is what drives a nuts they're
incantations these are the incantations that the Christians are doing you're like wait wait stop stop the ship but
you know wait I don't feel good a little bit queasy it doesn't make sense right um yeah the Christians are doing
incantations now I want to show you this video I want to launch you from Celsius
to this living present right to this living present we're just
gonna before the ship it's stops completely we're going to open the door and get some air
um from you know just the recent past we're going to use that error to kind of fill our lungs and then we're going to
step out into that Future Okay um hit the first one please Chewie
[Music] price
[Music]
[Applause]
that we will not allow the America the American way in the United States of America to go down
rise here we go here we go we're ready we're back there in time get your setting right we're on the throne here
we go we're back there in time just take that air in we're going to take one more breath one more breath of that and as we
breathe in that air we are entering you're entering uh the
what can only be called the space it's like a room right you're entering the
eremon you're entering the eremon that's where we are right we're in that
place where the Magus operates right here we are you know the devil's going
to show up sometime right fantastic hit it again
[Music]
[Music] [Applause]
so who are these people who broke into the state's Temple this
is the holiest ground this is the holiest ground of any of us
who call ourselves a part of the American experiment this is the holiest
ground that we've got yeah and they took
a dump on your image
and your image you know yeah
who are these people who how are they are they known associates of or the
person we're investigating let's see they're the none Associates in the now now let's project forward are you ready
gonna feel a little bump here we're gonna be seeing the future we're right at the present right now
hit it foreign
[Music]
[Music] foreign
turns out we got a bad throw of the dice yeah we got a bad throw of the dice and
the sore tastes have come up your boned yeah this is what this is where we are
we're within the structure of this thing this phenomenon that's happening they're
calling it right now the last Revival
okay think about that for a minute think about that for a minute and we have them springing up now one's been going on for
two weeks right these are outpourings
these are outpourings of anti
government sentiment yes yes
the Romans face the same thing they face the same thing it's like 185 somewhere
in that range they had an Insurrection right they had people
who were in a state of fervor right those people know those people are
tapped in their master was Among Us right those people are tapped into what
the currents of the magic are just ask them ask these people ask turn
to your evangelicals sitting next to you and ask them where we are in the last
times they will they will jump right in and you'll get a complete total explanation of reality constructed
around you you get an image of a world right projected from this individual or this
group of individuals yeah this is the operation of the mystery
this is the operation of the mystery your people will dream dreams still
they'll have visions yes yeah that's um
all originating from this world from this world bring
that up chewy excellent excellent I just want to read this to you real quick
oh you recognize the word for giant right nice you like the word for giant
yeah Edon yeah he's what's this what's going
on um we're talking about opiojos of yokos in the next line he's there that's
shining ophiuchus what is an opiocus you know it's one who holds or has or
possesses Echo um the office right um the serpent
now the trick for this little game is right now this is a puzzle what I'm showing you and you have to fit together
the puzzle to tell me what it means what it means and for those who
um are playing the game and want to figure it out um if you throw it up first the answer
first you get an extra point on next Sabbath yeah very good okay so let's
look at this shining ophiuchus you know constellation do we bring constellations in and yeah that's nice there you go
notice that it's solar right that this is a sun moon and stars okay this is
Bronze Age good good oh this is the old-fashioned religion oh this is this
is a thousand years before Christianity was was even a figment of somebody's
imagination right so look at the humanity here this is what I love is you you guys love this stuff
um I have to earn that love of course right and I appreciate you I'm trying to bring
you the best this is good stuff let me let me try to show you look at that um third word end on the second line down
this is line 245. Alexa Cochran right
um he's shaking something from his hands right he shakes from his hands what kind
of hands does he have he have he has hands that are antidotal not anecdotal but antidotal
it's the what it's saying literally it's not literally in the modern sense anything can be literal right
any um in the actual sense yeah
it's the antidote he's got the antidote on his hands what's going on and who's
this he yeah ophiuchus yeah so he shakes off he shakes off
he has a little seismic trimmer yeah and he shakes off the uh
uh um uh translated back yeah he's he's taking
away the power he's putting off the back yeah
of the what the back of what the back of the fire nourished dragons
wow okay so I'm a little bit confused right and it because this comes across in Translation what read your
translation of it and you'll see it's oh this is it's a little bit messy for what's going on what is this person
doing right he then takes out and activates
his bow yeah he activates his bow he sends out
that ready keep your analog going people because you're right we're getting to
the images that you need he takes out his curved Arrow
right he is hitting on the loxius they call him loxius Apollo
because of his oblique nature
yes yeah Apollo prophesies in the oblique
when that Priestess the pythia like the one that was screaming at Paul yeah
um they prophesy in what's called in the oblique they are loxian
yeah good so um that last line there at the bottom I
just want you to notice oystoy uh-huh that word in the end there
um these arrows these Viperine or Viper derived arrows
of the oblique nature of Apollo when they are used they bakero
the air they turn the air into the bucket Mania
Okay so we've all been together and with these Clues you can see a
picture that's emerging of the right and you can see an understanding the
number one they're using venoms right they're using Venoms and like our
guys from last week who are using the purple they're seeing visions
and these Visions are oracular and they go back to the fire nourished
dragons yeah and remember I told you the dragons
are um not an order but they're actual people that's where we're you know
making content contact with the real right these are real people so
um when we have bowls that breathe fire yeah and when we have
wolves that change their skin um you're talking about groups of people
yeah people who have certain magic abilities
yeah time to put the whether they're the singers or the or the singers that
change time yeah this is good this is good stuff so amen
amen is a phrase that you need to get stuck in your head right I am the amen
when you see those people when you see those people stepping
forward into your temple and desecrating it right your loyalty is not to a political
party your loyalty is to that shrine it's to that which is the American
symbol um and I think people understand that
very well you know the classical world was big on building monuments
building monuments and bringing that constant veneration of what was
beautiful forward right you don't desecrate those holy areas
because when you do you lose the benefit of that power
completely you lose the benefit of the Republic all right it's only when Tom says it's
only when the blood is shed on the roots of the tree of Liberty
right if you do not take care of your Insurrection it will happen repeatedly I
tell you as a student of Roman history
right when you allow the instant when you the interaction goes unpunished people end up you end up with more
you end up with more but what's Curious is these insurrections have to be fueled
by a combustible component something that's going to spark and set
things on fire I want you to watch again the very last the clock last clip that we showed and
this is The Modern event this is the modern this is happening and
as this is happening the fire that is within again analog the
fire that is within that compound sparked and boom it'll go up and it
happens Time After Time After Time right very readily predictable predictable run
that clip again please [Music]
foreign
[Music]
Tom also said that the greatest threat to the
fledgling American democracy was the Presbyterians
um I'm sure it you know he had to be back then to really to us that wouldn't be really mean the same thing
but this revival that is happening is a part of History it's a cycle and what
you're going to see is its effervescence it's going to grow it started and it's
going to grow to a point to a point that it spills over
and must bring the destruction of what
is contrary to it around it it breaks out it's a power that breaks
out um I just want to I want to quote to you just a little bit of lycophone to take
us now to the prophetic side and I'm going to pull out
who somebody called the chameleon civil
somebody called the chameleon symbol yeah and I want you to know that the
chameleon symbol talked about the dipsets
The Thirst that is induced and that she said
the darkness you may this may sound familiar the Sun would become darkened
um the word is shaded full of the as if it's creeping up and pulling out its
power that is from the chameleon Sybil via VIA
um like a fraud she also this the Within These
prophecies we have for example Athens right and we have the the the
um telling of the war um between Athens and Persia yeah
specifically Xerxes yeah and we have that preserved within
it so we have these ancient prophecies uh remember the early Christians were called sybilis for a reason
right so we are we seeing a return of that yes we are saying a return of the
reactivation of the mystery yeah and um it's happening as we speak
and will have an effect will have an effect so I want to say a
quick appreciation I also brought some of the Candor that I wanted to talk about because he uses the you know go to the
priests that use the terminology of the Mysteries and you can see what's really happening
um fantastic um and again the Scott the modern day Scholars they're just like you ask them
about a mystery and they're like oh that's why the word mystery is there and next time they do you stop them and you
say look you cannot take me in the back alley today right you can't so that's
why I've I had that I had that priest waiting for you but I just want
to say it's been an outstanding an outstanding season and from the
productive nature of what you have been bringing forward and all of the groups
that have been um active at the P you know the individuals
um very intelligent driven individuals who have stepped forward and who have
made this interaction um so worthwhile to me with your great
feedback I'm looking at your Visions yeah I'm looking at your Visions for the
secretive group it's on the inside that nobody knows about right um yeah uh keep up the work keep up the
work because we have to refuse to become this
right we're not going that way we're going reason and if the if the
proper resolution of that that we saw tonight
if the proper resolution is the antidote then shouldn't we be seeking the
antidote yeah definitely definitely it's been a privilege and an
honor to serve with you I will have one Bible study on Wednesday
and then I will take a week and recoup
which means I will spend time pulling up the sources that I believe
would be most desired by you at that time right the
real I mean come on people you you don't need to keep coming back unless there's real good stuff unless I can pull out
the good stuff right I mean are you in there yeah I've got to pull out the good stuff
and I've got to bring that to you and um now that we have figured out how to
navigate this ship and how to be able to get into those positions where we can see what they're doing in Antiquity now
it's time to say hey we need to uh we need to dig in and we need to go the
places that you know people are not gonna naturally be drawn to we gotta we gotta
go to those dark places and we've got to work with them um I have enjoyed myself tremendously
this this time guys thank you so much we've got a couple of people um looks like oh
Snappy Snappy welcome Snappy we need introduction music for snapping Snappy
you you saw the you saw the people tonight gathered together
when I'm in that assembly and you saw them
perform an action that can only be described as ecstatic right that was that was pure ecstasy whether they were
in the capital or whether they were in that church um tell me how does that make you feel
from your perspective and tell us you know were you there have you been in that you know how does it make you feel
um yeah it makes me disgusted to be honest because it's it's very clear that
these people have an agenda and uh anyone who's intimate or familiar with the church knows what that agenda is
it's agenda of genocide it's agenda of control and uh you saw how they were are
they were raising their arms up they're they're drawing down that Spirit right of Christ they're becoming possessed
they're becoming frenzy they're trying to block out all
reason all thought so that they can just focus on this Mission this Christian
National insanity and it blows my mind blows myself yeah yeah and you know if
you watch they've got a live feed they've got a live feed I highly recommend that people tune into the live
feed of what's going on in Kentucky right now um and uh what direction the people are
they have they sing of kingdom and they sing of power on Earth and they sing of
with trumpets they have their horns on bird and they're blowing their horns
they're getting it you can feel the Ecstasy moving up and people come up and
they prostrate themselves and they enter that place right I mean we could put
their pictures up on Ancient walls and it wouldn't change you know it wouldn't be any different
um how does it do you think that this is a um um
some sort of Awakening um what is this what is this thing
they're doing this is a this is a panic this is what
happens when things are in their death throws they're recognizing that the culture is moving on and they're lashing
out and they're lashing out with everything they have so that they can reassert their dominance this is Kronos
devouring his children in paranoia that's what we're seeing here
oh I like that that's why excuse me I like that that's why yeah that's why oh
God I love the image it's like the struggling they're in the they know that
their downfall is imminent right because they can't they did this in the first century as well right and people say no
it wasn't Nero right I mean it wasn't the Christians that Nero was saying the government was saying it's the
Christians that burned burned the city down and the Christians were saying no
it was Nero right why because I don't think Nero was out setting fires Scholars debate this and I'm like why
are you debating something that is so patently stupid right of course Nero
wasn't out setting fires and burning his own City down right this is the conflagration it always comes it's a
cleansing right the frenzy is is maxed out and I mean did anybody see the guy
was wearing horns who's in the I mean you can't get you can't get more ecstatic right in the name of Jesus
right amen amen
Snappy tell me is it alarm is it uh being too much of an alarmist uh or are
we accurately predicting a future that we're we're on our way to another Insurrection right it's not going to
stop because no it's not going to stop it's not stopping because right like I'm not an American but it's happening here
in my country too in Canada we're seeing the same kind of extremification you're seeing the same kind of vilification of
gender minorities look at what's going on with Putin like you showed in the episode on Wednesday right Putin is
making this uh this change and he's making the new young people the enemy
he's he's coming at us with everything he has to try and assert that Christian
National control right because they're on the way out that whole methodology
that whole way of thinking it's dead it's old it's tired and it's stagnant it's it's time for it to go right we
gotta castrate them yeah what do people think the people I wonder maybe we can take a poll of the
chat but um did people think that that Beast is dead or dying we'll say die at least
dying or is this Resurgence of their power I mean look they got to 30 they
got to 30 percent and all the historians would tell you you get a third of the population support you do anything you
can pull down your Republic with just 30 percent report well support right so
they achieved critical mass they achieved critical mass and here they go
um it may be a while before somebody goes into Canadian holy
space and desecrates it but do you see that coming oh yeah so I used to live in
the capital city of Ottawa and I would have to walk by the parliament every single day and there are people who have
been posted out there 24 7 with massive signs saying [__] Trudeau and the word
the world is ending and like we're gonna we need to bring God back into Parliament and they scream and assaulted
people who are just walking around wearing masks they blare terrible Christian music it's like I've never
seen this kind of level of antagonism here in Canada people don't act like this here you know we're far more
controlled about it but not anymore there's like this rampant fervent
insanity and like for the first time in a long time we're starting to see people who identify like this like we have a
far right uh leader named Pierre pauliev who uses a lot of that language you know
he doesn't come out and say it but it's it's this polite way of talking to those extremists he is a Christian nationalist
by any other word if you really listen you know and that's how these people are they're manipulative and they're all
about power they do anything you know to get what do you think do you think that
do you think you guys or getting that on your own or
should I call should America call its doctor and find out you know maybe do you think we infected
you or it's because it's always been it's it's a combination because we
always we're so interconnected To America that whatever happens in America we have a mirroring effect here but I
also can't Kid myself this kind of extreme conservatism and this nationalism and Christian stuff has
existed in many different forms in many different ways since the since the colonial age so it's it's an intrinsic
part of Canada as well yeah that's why I always laugh when I read uh Jefferson
all scared about the Presbyterians right he's like no they're the biggest threat
right now right so it makes me wonder if it's a what is it is it something in
within the system the program is running and it runs throughout centuries but
it's got a consistent um it's got a consistent code in it that tells you abort and terminate right and
then all of the all of the it doesn't scare people that it's kind of zombie-like I mean you know what I mean
it's a little bit zombie-like isn't it um is it you know uh how okay
question how how does it stop how do you stop something like this if you're a
Roman in the first century right the answer is a Crackdown a government Crackdown right where you don't you you
don't worship if you're going to tear stuff up we're not going to allow you to worship you know get out of here kind of
kind of thing and you you crucify some of them and show people this is what happens when you do this right you you
can't we also see the end outcome in Rome with that kind of thinking right that extreme
kind of thinking that led to crusade to get led to Crusades against itself that's what fundamentally destroys Rome
right when the Catholics and the Orthodox divide over ridiculous
Linguistics and philosophy you know and that's what we're going to see with
the with the with what's what's happening in America even you know if these if they succeed in their mission
they're just going to destroy themselves it's inevitable right we're seeing this hollowing out that's what's so
ridiculous right now is that America is attacking itself you've always seen that Machinery go out into the world and
consume but now it's turned inward that's that's the death Rose well and
that's yeah I I think that's why Tom is so angry because he said it happens every 100 to 150 years right that it's
cyclical so um you know here we are after the Civil War we're right at that Mark where yeah
this kind of thing is gonna happen and what do we do are we unionists I mean
I'm sure you got the same thing in Canada same decision they're gonna have to figure out a reunion is yeah you need
to uh what you need to do is Revitalize we need to embrace change we need to take on that new dionysian energy we
need to get rid of the old stagnant and be reborn again in in a vitality and then
have the cycle replay right like we need to bring her back right
it's me it makes me know that you know efforts in building
um the Tower of Babel are progressing because that's really what you need you
need some kind of universal communication for the people to be able to respond to
this cataclysmic effervescent you know they're screaming in the video of the of
the Insurrection they're screaming open Revolution right they're screaming it
they've 1776 here we go you know they're uh uh
um and but what else do we need to pay attention to there what it's this extreme magical thinking too because
when you listen to them it shows their ignorance like they're talking about saving America and it's like they're
pissing all over the Constitution even me is not an American knows them bringing God into this and talking about
turning it into a Christian anything is it's totally anathema to everything the
America stands for is it doesn't make sense is Canada gonna stand with America
as we go through this or I mean there's no reason that it couldn't hit both of us and you guys end up having a your
your form of a civil war right I mean it's been uh uh 150 years for us maybe
you maybe you're in for a natural one as well and this kind of global you know it
only makes sense dude we're all over the planet now right so one country goes
through this this ecstasy and starts marching out
people um of whatever gender or belief that they want and and killing him or
torturing them or stuff like that and we've already seen it parallel exactly happen along the same lines in Brazil it
was the same people following the Q Anon cult they even tried it on the same day January 6. too much the same results
where the the military and the police came in and just surrounded and arrested
everyone but they still attempted it they still walked into their holiest sites and desecrated them in the name of
God and the same insanity and like yeah I think right now we have Trudeau who is
a phony liberal Centrist who just says what everyone wants to hear but what we're seeing in Canada is this extreme
fervor that I have never witnessed I have never seen people hate someone so
much and that is dangerous I don't know what comes next but yeah we're not in a
much better place yeah see that's what that's what I that's why I wanted to have a
conversation from the beginning right where are we right what can we
rationally say that we're at a point where there's going to be some sort of tipping over
and you know the secessionists here in the states are going to be loud enough and do something extreme enough to set
off that natural Kindle out there and they'll they're all saying they want to right and the racists want to do it for
the obvious reason right they just want the murder and the Mayhem but
um the evangelicals are doing it because guess what same motive right they have a
plan for the end times and America's not there if you listen to any of these
preachers you were in the church you know I'm I'm not tell me if I'm saying truth or not
Snappy um but they're saying uh there's no America they're prophets they're people
who are analyzing the profits they're all saying there is no America no right America has always equated even usually
with some kind of phony apocal like they're gonna Burn Right America is the
is is going to be it everything has to be destroyed right you
have to have the Messiah arise in Israel you know this is the thing America is
always going to be corrupt for this is always an intense thing among a lot of people in the church that I went to is
whether or not you even participated in politics because politics was so corrupted and was the tool of Satan but
most people did because they wanted to enforce their judgmental agenda and others you know all right and that's
exactly what Celsius are you Celsius says the Christians are putting the devil to use in that way just as a foil
just as a foil if we have this huge eruption of this ecstatic Christianity that's
able to spill over and overthrow governments overthrow entire governments
it fulfills the Evangelical understanding of Prophecy that the
United States is not is not in the
apocalypse that they have already been taken out and what's funny is the guy that has to exist then and you just get
this off of just go listen to some preachers right the guy that that has to be there then is the Great Bear and
everybody says we know who the great bearers who will come down to Gog and mega it's Vlad Putin right so the
Christians are constructing their own reality around them and
ecstatically and we don't even perceive of this until they get into the capital
and take a dump and some senators get um realized uh-oh people could have died
right uh and then we're in the spot that we're in so I'm sorry to hear that you
haven't had your your um over spillage yet because it makes me feel like maybe
it was something that originated here maybe it's uh we did have mass protests so like in my
in my home City we had Ottawa we had over a month and a half of
a trucker protest where they blocked the entire downtown core they occupied the
city which is the capital city they didn't they couldn't make it to Parliament and but they like wouldn't
stop blaring their horns they were defecating in the streets people were waving Confederate flags in Canada
people were wearing wait wait wait wait wait wait wait let me see I where wait I
had her yeah I had seen a report on that I had did not know that they were waving
American Confederate flags yeah there was at least one that was documented for
sure and that person repented and said well I just thought the flag meant freedom and I'm a
Libertarian whatever we all know but there was also Nazi flags and there was
also stars of David that said savac which means like no vaccines because
they were envisioning themselves as the Jews being persecuted by the government
because the government was saying they had to get at least one mandatory vaccine wait a minute wait a minute so
in Canada then the extreme religious uh Jews
and Christians you call them evangelicals yeah these people weren't Jewish these
were all Evangelical all crazy people they were just adopting Jewish symbolism hitlerian symbolism to show how
persecuted they are they have this ridiculous persecution complex about how
masks and social distancing and all of this stuff is some kind of insane oppression and how they need to
overthrow the government and like like literally I worked downtown at a at a
like an occult kind of shop in the byword market during the summer and I would watch them walk into the byword
market which is like an open-air like Pavilion and they'd just be like shouting about how Christ is going to
come and destroy the Canadian government and and like how masks were the first beginning of this brand like they're
oppressed because they're [__] masks I couldn't believe it like people guess what they're in Ukraine you're bitching
about masks guess what they did to the Romans too right Rome must Burn Right
became the it was the Grand enemy of everything that was there that wasn't
their theocracy right so yeah wow what do you project is the
what do you project is the future here what I mean let's let's try to intelligently figure this out what's the
next stage dude it's there has there's going to be some
kind of overthrowing right like this is cyclical you see this time and time and
time again across history across everything it may not have to be extreme violence but it's going to have to be an
actual transformation there has to be a change where these people get removed that they're no longer in the power that
they have otherwise like I don't I don't know like I see an apocalypse moment on our hands here and when I see apocalypse
it's like it's either a rebirth or destruction you know it could go either way and like these people that were
fighting up against they're again they're they're for stagnation they're destroying and they're desecrating
nature the mother you know with everything they have and they're telling us to keep our heads in the sand will
they continue to rape her until we all die that's that's what we're facing here
yeah what about these mobs I'll I'll ask this question what about these mobs of
they're like flash mobs of um evangelicals
um I mean it's not strictly just evangelicals it's it's um
people who were people who are filled with the spirit who are having this kind
of revivals there'll be bands that go to parks and set up and they'll just get a flash mob and it becomes an event it
becomes an event where people come and they enter into the Ecstasy what do you do the Romans said you got to stop this
and they went in and broke it up and said you can't meet like this right you can't meet
so and they tagged Everybody by the drugs they were using right that was the thing for them what um how do you stop
these flash mobs that they haven't turned violent yet
they haven't turned violent yet right so you know well I would say I
would I would push back slightly on that because they have turned violent um in some in some respects we've seen
mass shootings targeting LGBT events and you see a lot of these people Target
specifically drag shows or um drag Story Time and usually you'll have specific
antagonistic forces that are present like the proud boys you know with their iconography and their you know no
fapping and their extreme aggression and you know they're they're out to Target certain kinds of video individuals and
as as pedophiles you know like and they're waiting their weight they're
waiting for this thing called the storm and they're so well armed yeah boys
right those guys with the guns who are actually trying to and like they pretend
to be on other people's side so that they can infiltrate and start a revolution and if you pay attention to
these darker places on the Internet it's it's all very clear like all these people you know what it is is that when
people experience extreme isolation extreme Division and oppression and we
all see the bleakness it brings out the Mania brings up the craziness people react in all kinds of different ways you
know and a lot of these people they get caught up in these Christian National frenzy and it spills out in a variety of
ways it's it's not all unified you know it's it's wild
so what's the if we're entering this apocalypse then which I think it's fair
to say if we have um violence at this level right and you talk about I shouldn't have I didn't
dismiss it but I didn't even consider it yeah we've got shootings all the time that are you know motivated by this same
core right this very well-armed contingent these are now
um enemies domestic and they'll throw that around right um as if it's funny that yeah right
um yeah waving a Confederate flag with a Confederate flag and defecating
defecating on our monuments what a mouse is this is this the perfect apocalypse
or what I mean we can have a natural Extinction event here you know what I
mean if we're if we don't snap out of it don't you think I think that's that's
what I'm getting at if we don't wake up and recognize what we're doing to to to Nature to our home to our mother
what future is there right like you know like there's none without her
and they they just they're just they they insist on destruction
yeah who were they praying to in the U.S Capitol they were praying to him they
were praying to a he God who doesn't have a problem with certain things like
you know killing people that aren't righteous and aren't part of the plan
right I mean these people argue look at the history of these people these people argue about who is the most Orthodox and
why that Clan ought to be taken out I was always told about the 100 and I
think it's like 37 000 or something right the chosen people who will get to rule over everyone for all eternity in
Homeland the world to come right after the apocalypse when the world is reborn and you're living in this Celestial
theocracy for all [__] time it's a nightmare it's an absolute nightmare
that's why I think one of the I think the only solution is that Tower of Babel
if if if Christians knew if Christians knew that their own Master their own
founder their own God the Son of God was
um arrested in a public park with a naked boy and called himself a child trafficker and was part of a cult that
involves sexual relations with children um I would uh
um I don't know is that is there any way of snapping this you know sometimes
sometimes stuff will burn itself out by using it's it's all its oxygen up right and then it's gone the fire goes away is
there is there some place of Reason Snappy that we could bring these people to that we could show them and
reasonably say look you know it's not your fault that you've been worshiping a pedophile criminal this is this is an
important thing because honestly I think it's a it's a two-pronged thing number
one there has to be like you said reason and truth and honesty there has to be a revealing anyone who breaks free of
these kind of Cults has it does so by being shown what it really is for what
it is number one but number two there has to be a healing there has to be an integration and an acceptance you can't
just exclude people you have to if people are willing to go through that transformation that death to to abandon
those attachments those views we have to accept them we have to let people heal
and if you don't that's when you you extremify now you've not given people a
way out now they're they're going you're you're bound to fight each other you
know we can't allow that no I don't yeah it's uh
it's a global event you know the evangelicals love this because it'll
feed their flames right because come on man that's all I'm doing is feeding the flames right it's very easy to get these
people going right because they want to bring the Fulfillment of their own plan
they want to bring it and what are they always yelling about what did the guy yell about from the U.S Capitol
globalists globalist globalist coming from this old American dominionist
theology a theology anchored in an eschatology
that was punctuated by revivals right so of course they're fearing the
globalists the globalists are those who would come in but that what they don't realize is and they
always do this preemptively right it's like they're it's like a political party that will that will throw something out
that they're doing in order to like create a smoke screen right so you can't accuse them because they're already
accusing the other leader of doing this doing the same thing um the globalists out there they're
doing this with this globalist idea when at the same time the problem is global
look what's sweeping across Russia into Georgia and all of the uh all of the
fervor I mean did you see Putin's speech it was all about his gaining the
religious High Ground right God hate God hates these people
the argument for me it's always important to look at what these people hate and what they
fear okay why would they be opposed to globalism right why why are both Putin
and Trump yelling about that why because that way they get to maintain their fiefdoms right they get to maintain
their hegemony but their hegemonys are dying they're old they're falling apart we have to move on we have to let this
stuff go and and be reborn to something greater right like
it's in it's we're we're in a state of absolute Insanity at this moment
um like someone like Putin like he everyone in the world is telling him the writing is on the walls you have to
diversify you can't stay with all of this raw resources you have to try and incorporate and his whole thing is what
no [__] the entire world you guys are the the enemy and then I'm creating this
whole Third Rome and it's a war right you guys are trying to destroy God and
we have to protect the masculine Jesus and the masculine God like we all saw that
and what's funny is to never consider but they never consider that Jesus was
people complained about them came to disciples and complained about them and said he's touching the kids
inappropriately tell him to stop right none of that all that stuff just
leaks through history until you get down to a modern Westerner holding up a sign
that says Jesus saves pro-life right then you realize oh my God look at
what's happened just through the flow of History what's happened with this incredible Mania that's come along Mania
that's come along Snappy it's an honor thank you for taking I took up too much of your time tonight only because it's
fascinating and I uh thank you for coming and if you want to say goodbye say goodbye and thank you everyone and
if you want to we'll probably be on the Discord in a few uh come there and say hi take care and have a good night hail
Satan hail Satan everyone show me the girl I had never met
[Applause] [Music]
where is that horse called Destiny I think she ran off without me
[Music]